feat: update config to support multiple servers (#374)
asyncapi/glee: docs/config-file.md

      url: "redis://localhost:6379", // Server URL used by adapter for clustering
    },
    mqtt: {
      auth: ({serverName, parsedAsyncAPI}) => {
        if (serverName === 'mqtt') {
          return {

>             cert: async () => fs.readFileSync('./cert')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            cert: async () => fs.readFileSync('./cert', 'utf-8')
```

            clientId: '123',

>             userPassword: {
>               username: 'user1',
>               password: 'pass12'
>             }

Reviewer: I think this could be easily flattened:

```suggestion
            username: 'user1',
            password: 'pass12'
```

|Field|Description|
|---|---|
|mqtt.auth| MQTT authentication configuration|
|mqtt.auth.cert| Client certificate
|mqtt.auth.clientId| MQTT client Id for authentication
|mqtt.auth.username| username parameter
|mqtt.auth.password| password parameter

### Kafka

|Field|Description|
|---|---|
|kafka.auth| Kafka authentication configuration|
|kafka.auth.key | Kafka Broker Key
|kafka.auth.cert| Client certificate
|kafka.auth.clientId| Kafka client Id for authentication
|kafka.auth.rejectUnauthorized | Boolean flag for accepting the valid SSL certificates
|kafka.auth.username| The username to use during authentication.
|kafka.auth.password| The password to use during authentication.

### Auth Config

> Most client like `ws`,`kafka` and `mqtt` has auth config which is used for passing auth parameters, all these config could be an object or an function that returns the specific object defined by each protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most clients like `ws`,`kafka`, and `mqtt` have `auth` fields that are used for passing auth parameters. All these configurations can be an object or a function that returns the specific object defined by each protocol.
```

Reviewer: Suggestion: go to https://grammarly.com and create a free account. Then install the browser extension and the [VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=znck.grammarly). It will help you write better :)

```js

> /** Both of these examples are correct **/
> 

Reviewer: I don't think that's needed:

```suggestion
```

|Field|Description|
|---|---|
|mqtt.auth| MQTT authentication configuration|
|mqtt.auth.cert| Client certificate
|mqtt.auth.clientId| MQTT client Id for authentication
|mqtt.auth.userPassword| username and password parameters for authentication|
|mqtt.auth.userPassword.username| username parameter

> |mqtt.auth.userPassword.password| password parameter

Reviewer: As mentioned above, this could be easily flattened.
